Let's talk about financial modeling.
Now we understand financial statements.
Let's talk about how to create and analyze Fanshen models.
So by the end of this section you will understand what financial modeling is what the best practices
are and why this skill is so crucially important for you to be successful analysts and stock picker
.
OK.
So what is financial modeling.
Well it's basically the ability to build out a spreadsheet several years in the future and understand
what the financials will look like in the future for a company.
It's like a crystal ball.
Why do we do this.
Because once we finish with financial modeling in this course we can come up with target prices meaning
what the companies we're analyzing should be worth how we do this.
Well of course we're going to use Excel.
Right.
And we're to use our knowledge of the three financial statements we've already cited.
And we're going to forecast the future for those financial statements.
Okay.
And then what we'll do is we'll ease a little bit of magic longer term and we'll be able to figure out
what the target price is we'll know earnings Well no cash flow and we'll no revenue from the three financial
statements.
And then we'll come up with target prices based on those three metrics from the three financial statements
.
Okay.
And then what we'll do is we'll take the average of three different valuation methodologies one using
earnings per share from the same.
The other we're using cash flow from the cash flow statement and other one using revenue from the income
tax cut and we'll get valuations using those three different methodologies which I'll explain in the
valuation section later.
And then what we'll do is we'll divide them by three and we'll get the blended average of what the target
price should be for the company that we're analyzing now.
In this section we will study modeling in a couple of seconds from now.
We'll talk about valuation.
Let's get started.